Congratulations on completing this lesson.
Throughout this lesson we went over the fundamentals of decentralized file storage.
You also learnt many new ideas to help get you up and running with IPFS.
You learnt the details of what DFS is and how it's being used to
try and replace current Internet protocols like HTTP.
We also went over how DFS can work with Ethereum
file to create fully decentralized applications.
You now also know how to work with IPFS to share texts,
images, videos, websites and apps.
If you followed along with each section,
you've published your own personal website on
IPFS that you can use to showcase your new projects,
skills or anything else you'd like.
You've also published your own decentralized application onto
IPFS to create your first fully decentralized application.
So, congratulations again.
I'm excited that you've made it this far.
I hope you're able to continue experimenting with
IPFS to create many more decentralized apps.